hello guys it is fake thriller and first
and foremost I wanted to remind you that
there are only 20 days until battlefield
4 man we are under the 3 week mark until
will all be playing the full game and in
today's video I sort of want to pose a
question to you guys in general and I'm
hoping basically you guys can answer it
for me because I'm not that technically
gifted when it comes to the process of
how a video game is made with whether
its programming or really any aspect of
it I could give you a basic timeline but
I don't know I don't know exactly how it
works and the question is is the
battlefield 4 beta truly a beta and
there's a couple different points that I
just want to make and then maybe we can
have a discussion down in the comments
section sort of to figure this out now
obviously dice is actually they've come
out and said that this is a true beta
they want our feedback so they can make
the game as good as possible in time for
the final release and now i have seen on
twitter and i think mostly on twitter
maybe sometimes on reddit posts but dice
is actually in specific servers asking
people to join to help test two
different things i guess it's probably
the best most generic way to say it and
on top of that they're also asking
people who have problems to do certain
steps with the console command at least
on PC where you can submit your system
information and then whatever this DX
diag stuff is that they ask you to type
in and then you can make a report and
I'm assuming people are going to go
through and look at these error error
reports and so on and so forth this is
all very beta
this is all likely stuff that we should
expect to see in a beta now the other
thing on the flip side that is kind of
really confusing on top of hang on
before i get into that obviously they
can get an idea on gunplay with the
weapons that are in the beta damages and
so on and so forth and decide whether or
not balance is looking good on a large
large scale so that is obviously that
could even be done in a demo that could
be fixed with a day one patch normally
it's a debate between is this a demo of
the final game or is this a beta where
it's going to be significantly different
based on the beta periods impact on the
game developers data and all that great
fun stuff the other side of it is and
it's not so much we're asking whether
this is a demo because this should not
be a demo of this game in my personal
opinion everybody knows that this this
game is pushing CPUs to a hundred
percent threshold I have an i7 3770k
it's not overclocked but I'm pushing it
gets pushed up to about eighty percent
or so when I'm playing on medium and I
have to cross fired 79 70s and I'm
pushing like it all depends on what's
going on I get like 300 frames and the
menus but sometimes i get like down to
35 to 45 frames is pretty common usually
i'm a little higher than that but i'm
i'm wicked wicked low on frames for what
I should be getting based on my graphics
card setup and my cpu is relatively new
and powerful and it's being pushed
almost to its limit the only thing that
it uses more CPU power than battlefield
4 beta right now is when I'm rendering a
video because my computer just takes up
a hundred percent it goes it goes
through the roof trying to use as much
power as it can to get the video done as
fast as possible so it it doesn't seem
like that's not how you want to demo
something you know so obviously this is
an
finished product that we're playing but
I just don't I don't know like here if
this was actually a bit like the beta
version and we're less than a month away
from the full release like what version
are of this game are we playing and how
like if they're having all these issues
with frame rate and so on and so forth
like what build are we playing and what
the heck are they going to be changing
between now and the game's release to
make this run way less heavily on
everybody system that's that's sort of
what I want to know like if if this is
something easy that I'm missing I'd like
to know or is this just going to be like
a like a demanding game like a beast a
hog of computer resources for the
lifetime of battlefields for because
battlefield 3 does nothing like this
when it comes to impacting my system and
how little performance i actually get
and like i said before i have a pretty
respectable pc in terms of power in both
the graphics department and the
processing department so yeah if you
guys could let me know that would be
great and I mean I'm keeping my fingers
crossed that this is just some early
build and they're going to take whatever
data they can but it seems to be on a
lot of people's minds that the this game
is so poorly optimized at this point I
mean they got people running out to
upgrade to Windows 8.1 because there's
rumors that it that it runs better so
anyway that's that please answer my
questions in the comment section down
below or if you can into the question do
me a favor and just let me know like
sort of how it's running for you whether
it's on console or on the pc let me know
your specs what you're running it with
and whether or not you've run into any
problems and i think with that i will
just let you know one more time that
there are only 20 days until battlefield
4 is released so that the clock is
ticking dice you need to figure this out
anyway I'll see you in tomorrow's video
you guys
for those that are fans of the
battlefield French show as well as other
shows by hagen jet and johnny esco you
should head on over to their store and
check out all of the awesome merchandise
they have to offer hell you can even
have the new band gang sing happy
birthday to a friend it's all in the
store so head on over to take a look or
someone's going to throw ammo at your
face